ABOUT 'UNLIMITED ADVENTURES':
You need to purchase SSI's 'Unlimited Adventures' to play the modules on 
AOL. This program uses an engine similar to AOL's "Never Winter Nights" 
but the files are NOT interchangeable.
   Here's some ordering info and a program description from the UANL:

>    UA is, without a doubt, THE best game-design program on the 
commercial market.  It creates high-quality VGA role-playing games using 
classic AD&D rules.  Designers are able to create their own art, maps, 
text, and combat sequences in a complex and dynamic universe.  The only 
limitation is your imagination and the size of your hard drive...
    UA was used to create the commercial 'Gold Box' games by SSI.  These
include such classics as 'Dark Queen of Krynn' and 'Pools of Darkness'.
However, this version of the Gold Box engine requires no programming 
skill or technical ability.  With it, many would-be game designers, 
artists, and budding writers have been able to produce the games of their 
dreams that would not have been possible otherwise. 
    Even if you are not a designer, I would recommend getting UA.  It is 
one of the most versatile RPG systems on the market: there are hundreds 
of games to play -- games that cost nothing!  If you tire of one module 
or finish it, just download one of the many others available.  There are 
modules of all sorts on AOL: traditional dungeon-crawls, epics, 
hack-and-slashes, and interactive novels.  Like the pen and paper AD&D, 
this system can be enjoyed over and over again.  And lately, many UA'ers 
have been adding to the original code (with SSI's permission, of course).
We now have Sci-fi, Oriental, and gothic horror add-ons!  
    There is never an end to the fun with UA; the options truly are 
Unlimited.   

TO ORDER:
    **UA is now available on a special CD-ROM bundle!  For a low price, 
you get UA, D&D Stronghold, Fantasy Empires, and Dungeon Hack!  Other 
users have reported that the disk-based UA is still available in most 
computer stores at a ROCK-BOTTOM price.** 
                        
UA is now being sold and supported by Slash Inc. You can reach them at 
(612) 941-4497. You can also pick up UA at your local software retailer.  
The number of copies of UA are limited; you may have to hunt to find one.  
You may also check with the mail-order software companies (who usually 
have a large number of any title and can get you the most obscure of 
disks with relative ease).  Try Chips & Bits, one of the largest of the
gaming mail-order companies, at 1-800-753-4263. 

                                **
A BRIEF EXPLANATION OF UA COSTS:
   All of the files uploaded to AOL are downloadable free of charge (that 
is, they don't cost anything more than your normal access fee).  Some 
files are 'Shareware' and others are 'Freeware'.  Shareware files 
(DOOM, PKZIP, etc.) require users to register their free copies for a fee 
that varies from program to program.  If you are satisfied with a 
shareware program and wish to keep it, you are required (in most cases) 
to register for a slight fee.  If you don't like it, you can delete the 
file and are under no further obligation.
   UA files are 'Freeware' -- you can d/l them and play them free of 
charge, forever.  However, the original UA program is 'Commercial', and 
you need to purchase it before *any* of the UA mods. can be played (see
above).  
                                 **
LOADING UA MODULES:
    The files in the UA libraries are downloadable free of charge.  
    After the file has downloaded, sign off and unzip the files. 
Following is the step-by-step procedure necessary to load in a module:

1) make an appropriate subdirectory with a .DSN extension.  e.g. 
"MD\FRUA\EXAMPLE.DSN", where EXAMPLE is the name of the mod.  This 
subdirectory *must* be contained in your original UA directory.  

2) make a save game directory: "MD\FRUA\EXAMPLE.DSN\SAVE".  It must be 
entitled 'SAVE' to work properly.  This is where all of your characters
and save data will be held.

3) Unzip your file with PkunZip or QExtract and into the .DSN 
subdirectory.  

4) Load FRUA

5) At the main menu, click on 'Choose another Adventure.'  Then pick the 
title that you just loaded in and away you go!

                                **
LOADING UA ART:
    There is a wide variety of artwork available for UA, ranging from
big-pics of heroic battles to combat icons of vile monsters.  All of these
files can be copied into your own UA modules with a few clicks of your
mouse:

1) You need to download the appropriate art files from AOL (naturally).
All UA pics are in the .PCX or .LBM format; UA cannot handle .GIF's, 
.BMP's, etc.  

2) Unzip the art package, if necessary.

3) Copy the files to your UA art directory.  e.g. 
"COPY UAPIC.PCX C:\FRUA\ART" or "COPY *.LBM C:\FRUA\ART", where UAPIC.PCX
is the file you want to import.

4) Load UA.

5) Choose the module that you want to add art to.

6) Click on 'Art Gallery'.

7) Choose the appropriate type of pic from the menu (the download
description should tell you what type of art you downloaded -- combat 
icon, pic, bigpic, sprite, or backdrop).

8) Find a picture/icon that you don't think you'll need in your design
(say you're doing an undead module.  You probably won't need pics of 
dragons or kobolds).  Your new art *will copy over the default only in
your module*.

9) After choosing a slot, click on 'import'.  A list of pics will come
up.  Again, click on the pic that you want to import.  

10) If all went well, your new picture will now be in the default slot!
For your sanity's sake, 'rename' the slot (using the old example, erase
'Blue Dragon' and type in 'Giant Skeleton').

11) Repeat the process as necessary.  NOTE: art files in UA are stored as
.TLB's, not .PCX or .LBM.

12) If you *don't* like the added art, you can remove it easily.  Click
on 'Unimport'; the faulty art will be deleted and the system will revert
to the default pic (that is, your giant skeleton will be removed and
the blue dragon will take its place).

                                  
     

    
